♪MUSIC♪
I AM AT THE LEFT
OF THE SCREEN.
SO CAPTIONS
OF WHAT I SAY
APPEAR AT THE LEFT
OF THE SCREEN, TOO.
NOW I'M AT THE
RIGHT OF THE SCREEN,
SO MY CAPTIONS
APPEAR AT THE RIGHT.
NOW I AM OFF SCREEN.
TO INDICATE
THAT I'M OFF SCREEN,
WHATEVER I SAY
IS ITALICIZED.
NOW MY NAME APPEARS AT
THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN,
WE PUT CAPTIONS OF
WHAT I SAY AT THE TOP,
SO THAT MY NAME IS
NOT COVERED BY CAPTIONS.
UP UNTIL NOW,
WE HAVE BEEN USING
POP-ON CAPTIONS.
WHEN A NEW
CAPTION POPS ON,
THE OLD CAPTION
DISAPPEARS.
THIS IS A
PAINT-ON CAPTION.
ONE CAPTION BLOCK IS
PAINTED ON THE SCREEN,
FROM LEFT TO RIGHT,
ONE CHARACTER AT A TIME.
NOW THE ROLL-UP MODE.
THIS MODE IS NORMALLY
USED FOR LIVE TV PROGRAMS.
CAPTION LINES ROLL UP
ONE LINE AT A TIME.
Captions can appear
in lower case,
and also in Spanish:
¿Dónde está el niño?
Está en la casa.
And in French:
Parlez-vous Français?
Répétez, s'il vous plaît.
THE FOLLOWING SPECIAL
CHARACTERS ARE ALSO AVAILABLE.
á é í ó ú à è ì ò ù
ä ë ï ö ü â ê î ô û
THEY INCLUDE THE MUSIC SYMBOL
AND ACCENTED CHARACTERS.
ç ã ñ õ å ¿ ¡ ¢
£ ¥ © ® ™ ° ß ♪